Add tips section for select components (#6602)
yamada-ui/yamada-ui: www/contents/components/(components)/select.mdx

</Select.Root>
```

:::tip

> If you want to display suggested values based on text input, use [Autocomplete](/docs/components/autocomplete).

Reviewer: Please align this wording with the existing tips and make the input-based filtering condition concise.

```suggestion
If you want to filter options based on input, use [Autocomplete](/docs/components/autocomplete).
```

Author: Addressed in [123e9b4](https://github.com/yamada-ui/yamada-ui/pull/6602/commits/123e9b451a5b65973fd35525f25ba443714bc7ce).

> If you have many options or want to display suggested values based on text input, consider using [Autocomplete](/docs/components/autocomplete).

Reviewer 2: This feels a bit too broad. `Autocomplete` is the text-input / suggestions component, but `Select` can still be a valid choice when there are many options. I think this should focus on the text-input suggestion use case instead.

```suggestion
If you want to display suggested values based on text input, consider using [Autocomplete](/docs/components/autocomplete).
```

Author: Thank you for the suggestion. I felt that the phrase "have many options" is indeed unnecessary.
